this lecture is about evaluation of the
text classroom so far we have talked
about multiple ways of doing text
classroom but how do we know which
method works the best so this has to do
is embellish
now to talk about evaluating one must go
to go back to the clustering bias that
we used at the beginning because two
objects can be similar depending on how
you look at them we must clearly specify
the perspective of similarity without
that the problem of clustering is not
well-defined so this perspective is also
very important for evaluation if you
look at this slide and you can see we
have two different ways to cluster these
shapes and if you ask us question which
one is the best or which one is better
you actually see there's no way to
answer this question without knowing
whether we'd like to cluster based on
shapes or cluster based on sizes and
that's precisely why the perspective or
customer bias is crucial for evaluation
in general we can evaluate text clusters
in two ways one is directory evaluation
and the other is indirect evaluation so
indirectly evaluation and we want to
answer the forum machine how close are
the system generator Custis to the ideal
clusters that are generated by humans so
the closeness here can be assessed
accessible from multiple perspectives
and that would help us characterize the
quality of customer without multiple
angles and this is sometimes desirable
now it we also want to quantify the
closeness and because this would allow
us to easily compare different methods
based on their performance figures and
finally you can see in this case
we essentially inject the customer in
buyers by using humans basically humans
would bring the needed or desired
clustering buyers now how do we do that
exactly well the general procedure would
look like this given a test set which
consists a lot of text objects we have
humans to create the ideal classroom
without that is we're going to ask a
humans to publishing the objects to
create a code standard and they will use
their judgments based from the need
offer of a particular application to
generate what they think are the best
our customer without and this will be
then used to compare with the system
generator clusters from the same test
set and ideally we want the system
results to be the same as the human
generally without but in general they
are not going to be the same so we would
like to then quantify the similarity
between the system generated clusters
and the gold standard casters and this
similarity can be also measured from
multiple perspectives and this will give
us various measures to quantitatively
evaluate a cluster transferring without
and some of the commonly used measures
include the purity which measures
whether a cluster has similar objects
from the same cluster in the gold
standard and normalized which
information is commonly used measure
which basically measures based on the
identity of a cluster of objects in the
system generally without how well can
you predict the cluster of the object in
the gold standard or vice versa and you
know nutrient formation captures the
correlation between these cluster labels
and normalized mutual information is
often used for
confinement celerity and for this
evaluation purpose f measure is another
possible measure now again a thorough
discussion of the evaluation these
evaluations issues would be beyond the
scope of this course
I've suggest some reading in the end
that you can take a look I don't know
more about that so here I just want to
discuss some high-level ideas that would
allow you to think about how to do
evaluation in your applications the
second way to evaluate x clusters is to
do indirect evaluation so in this case
the question to Angelis how useful are
the Crossman results for the intended
applications now this of course is
application-specific question so
usefulness is is going to depend on
specific applications in this case the
clustering bias is imposed by the
intended application as well so what
counts as the best classroom without
would be dependent on what application
now procedure wise we also would create
a test set with text objects for the
intended application to quantify the
performance of the system in this case
what we care about is the the
contribution of clustering to some
application so we often have a baseline
system compared with this could be the
current system for doing something and
then you hope to add a custom to to
improve it or the baseline system could
be using a different clustering method
and you then what you are trying to
experiment with and you hope to have a
better idea for clustering so in any
case you have a baseline system work
with and then you can add a clustering
hours into the baseline system until
producer a clustering system and now we
have compare the performance of your
clustering system and the baseline
system in terms of the performance
measure for that particular application
so in this case we call it indirectly
vanishing of
because there's no explicit the
assessment of the party of clusters the
rather is to assess the contribution of
clusters to a particular application
so to summarize text clustering it's a
very useful and supervised the general
text mining techniques that's
particularly useful for team opting an
overall picture of the text of content
and this was often needed to explore
texture data and this is often the first
step but when I deal with a lot of text
data the second application or second
the kind of applications is to discover
interesting clustering structures in
text beta these structures can be very
meaningful there are many approaches
that can be used for text clustering and
we discussed them a model-based
approaches and similarity based
approaches in generals from clusters
tend to show up and no matter what
method is used also the effectiveness of
a method highly depends on whether the
desired clustering bias is captured
appropriately and this can be done
either through using the writer
generative model model designer properly
the filtering or the right similarity
function to explicitly define the buyers
deciding the optimal number of customers
is a very difficult problem for all the
transfer methods and that's because it's
unsupervised algorithm and there's no
training there are to guide us to select
the best among both clusters now
sometimes you may see some methods that
can automatically determine the number
of clusters but in general that has some
implied application of transferring bias
there and that's just not a specified
without a clear defining a customer in
buyers it's just impossible to say you
know the optimal number of cluster is
what so this is important to keep in
mind
and I should also say sometimes we can
use the application to determine the
number of clusters for example if your
cross or in search results then
obviously you don't want to generate the
100 clusters right so the number can be
dictated by the interface design in
other situations we might be able to use
the fitness to data to assess whether
we've got a good number of clusters to
explain how they're aware and to do that
you can vary the number of clusters and
watch how well you can fit the data if
at in general when you add more
components from mixture model you should
fit they're not better because you don't
you can always set the probability of
using the new component at zero so you
can't in general fit that there are
worse than the four but as the question
is as you add more components would you
be able to significantly improve the
fitness of the data and that can be used
to determine the right number of
clusters and find the evaluation of
cosmonium without and can be done both
directly and interactively and we often
would like to do both in order to get
good sense about how we're method works
so here's some suggest reading and this
is particularly useful to better
understand how the measures are
calculated and cross for a new general